[API] Crypto mode 'auto' implemented for listener. (#2574)
Haivision/srt: docs/API/API-socket-options.md

Crypto modes:

- `0`: SRT listener accepts any mode from the caller. SRT Caller or SRT Rendezvous effectively negotiate AES-CTR (1).
- `1`: regular AES-CTR (without message integrity authentication).
- `2`: AES-GCM mode with message integrity authentication (AEAD).

The AES-GCM mode (2) is only allowed if TSBPD is enabled ([`SRTO_TSBPDMODE`](#SRTO_TSBPDMODE)).
In rendezvous and for a caller Auto (0) is equivalent to AES-CTR (1).

> Once connection is established, reading the `SRTO_CRYPTOMODE` shows the negotiated crypto mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a connection is established, reading `SRTO_CRYPTOMODE` shows the negotiated crypto mode:
```

AES-CTR (1) or AES-GCM (2).

> When the [listener callback](./API-functions.md##srt_listen_callback) is used, the `SRTO_CRYPTOMODE`
> read on the new SRT socket to be accepted is not yet the negotiated but, but the one to negotiate,
> and inherited from the listener SRT socket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [Listener callback](./API-functions.md##srt_listen_callback) is used, the value of `SRTO_CRYPTOMODE`
read on the new SRT socket to be accepted is not yet the negotiated one. It is the value to be negotiated, and is inherited from the listener SRT socket.
```

If a specific behavior for each individual connection request is desired based on
[the user ID or anything else](../features/access-control.md),

> the indended behavior can be achieved by setting the `SRTO_CRYPTOMODE` on the new SRT socket to a specific value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the intended behavior can be achieved by setting the `SRTO_CRYPTOMODE` on the new SRT socket to a specific value.
```

> For example, let's say the initial value set on the listener socket is Auto (0). The listener callback is called
> signalling the new connection request. The user ID is extracted, and the server wants to force AES-GCM only
> for connection from this very user. Then AES-GCM (2) can be set on the new socket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, let's say the initial value set on the listener socket is Auto (0). The listener callback is called,
signalling the new connection request. The user ID is extracted, and the server wants to force AES-GCM only
for the connection from this specific user. In this case AES-GCM (2) can be set on the new socket.
```

There is no way to check the crypto mode being requested by the SRT caller at this point.

> | Caller      | Listener    | Negotiated  | | Rdv In-tor  | Rdv Res-der | Negotiated  |
> | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |-| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|             |             |             | | Rendezvous  | Rendezvous  | Negotiated  |
| Caller      | Listener    | Negotiated  | | Initiator   | Responder   | Negotiated  |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |-| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
```

| 0 (auto)    | 0 (auto)    | AES-CTR (1) | | 0 (auto)    | 0 (auto)    | AES-CTR (1) |
| 0 (auto)    | AES-CTR (1) | AES-CTR (1) | | 0 (auto)    | AES-CTR (1) | AES-CTR (1) |
| 0 (auto)    | AES-GCM (2) | reject      | | 0 (auto)    | AES-GCM (2) | reject      |
| AES-CTR (1) | 0 (auto)    | AES-CTR (1) | | AES-CTR (1) | 0 (auto)    | AES-CTR (1) |
| AES-CTR (1) | AES-CTR (1) | AES-CTR (1) | | AES-CTR (1) | AES-CTR (1) | AES-CTR (1) |
| AES-CTR (1) | AES-GCM (2) | reject      | | AES-CTR (1) | AES-GCM (2) | reject      |
| AES-GCM (2) | 0 (auto)    | AES-GCM (2) | | AES-GCM (2) | 0 (auto)    | reject      |
| AES-GCM (2) | AES-CTR (1) | reject      | | AES-GCM (2) | AES-CTR (1) | reject      |
| AES-GCM (2) | AES-GCM (2) | AES-GCM (2) | | AES-GCM (2) | AES-GCM (2) | AES-GCM (2) |

> * Rdv - Rendezvous; In-tor - initiator; Res-der - responder.

Reviewer: Not needed if you accept my suggested headings.

Author: I wish, but the third row from the bottom is different. See the images in the description of the issue for better visibility.
